How can Jiang Yu take the dog out into the forest?
Go on like this
He will be attracted to him again
You came back after writing the ring
Well, the food is ready.
Let's sit down
Xiaoyu heard
I took Chen Lin and the dog out today
Don't call me Xiaoyu
We don't know each other that well
It's Xiao Zhang
Because I'm too busy.
I can't find the right person for a while
Right at Chen Lin
I went to try on the wedding dress and scenery for Zheng Rou
Yes!
Aunt Wang Yuan, haven't I just been promoted recently?
Too busy!
So be my lover
But I will also marry into your family in the future
This Chen Lin has always lived here
Isn't it a little too eyesore?
It's a good opportunity to test it
Jiang Yu's current attitude towards Chen Ling
In my opinion, I might as well sell the dog
Let's see what Chen Ling will do in the future
Everyone is familiar with
Do you think so? Go first.
This is too Chen Ling and Chen Ling
If so
How else can I torture him?
What do you want?
Song Chenglin goes abroad
Leave Guoguo at the neighbor's house
This will make him truly beautiful
How did it go?
Are you satisfied?